Blogging.
So let's get a real example of do this be a height of everything.
So I pouted on some virtual machine to start migrating something into and machine but I canceled them
because we won't do this besides of ability right now.
So be it the despair height or ability we enable the this.
I mean Britney of course we don't need to use the proxy because we do not have the blog monitoring.
So it was only to find out I really do find a response.
We're going to chose a rock star or power off and then restart the virtual machine then restart your
machine with the information the same as it is.
Of course we do not have the proxy to admission control we leave it as the default to head to beat.
We leave it as automatically then do other than that option.
We don't have any one.
So when we clear on the Visby that we click OK and the is x.
I will start to be configured for the Vista I want you see E6 I want configuration of this view as it
is x I treat and is x.
I too will be configured for the height.
It will take a little time and we start seeing some information after enabling Bespin hides.
So I'm a great veteran machine from East excitatory and i3 because summer there is information.
So we just wait until the end of 2 on the creation of the height of the industry.
Of course this function happened to Ald Isak's I holes in your environment so no config is x.
I do work with the hide ability also hate config the different tools to chose one master and other slave
etc..
So I'll just give it a little time.
Ancient and of dysfunction
so what is it.
No I'll do it.
I configured it.
Jews did this to of ability.
Everything is OK.
Then we can see the information about the heights of ability of this one.
So to get an idea about what happened after the configuration of the house we got to cluster of course.
And in the military we have another tape called the spear height of EPD Sunni.
Click on it.
We get a summary about the different information about it so you see he automatically chose the mustard
caused E6.
But treat him.
It's our calculation and decided that the muster is do you think I number three.
Why.
Because I know you have 11 gigabytes of room and board full speed so I to see that is x number three
will be do muster then we have hosts connected to muster.
We have two house.
If you see we have just one master.
How much was connected to do most.
We have to E6 I host.
So if we have 10 I host one will be mustered and then we have my host connected to muster.
Then we have host not connected to muster.
That's a that's have a problem.
To be connected with the muster that's mean of by a lover or any.
Probably.
So we have zero because we don't have any houses have a fire yet.
They This really doesn't not resemble me.
I hope that have a reality Niblett inside.
But the master can't detect this one this year hides ability and configuration or if any of those Haast
of a problem for the configuration of the height you see the numbers I turned it down.
So all those information about do different tests and the configuration of the hides.
I really didn't see how much virtual machine protected by the heights.
I mean you do have five if we can get here one two three four and five.
You have five board on virtual machine.
So you should know that to hide ability protect the on virtual machine and not disposed of even embetter
your machine is part of ease out of the hide ability to only work at the limit of the power it on virtually
that machine.
So there we have heard the.
If you remember when reconfigured headbutt you automatically detect the two externals but as we have
learned one and plan to use them the head.
Then we have configuration issue.
If we have for example our problem right here about the configuration of the height you get the details
right.
They do that astore also any issues happen to them or you can see them right.
So if you remember when we talk about purity that mean if something wrong happened to this host one
of those hosts do restore will take some RTT how we can get the priority of the virtual machine in our
cost file.
So if you back to the country as the same right here when we do this fit and give it the priority Vonda
VM override.
Also we have the option to do VM override for hi everybody.
So we click on it we click odd to add up our VM overwrite and there we chose to add new virtual machine
as the same as we did then we chose one of the virtual machine that should restart first and then the
second and data to it.
For example for example Windows 7 and Buttrick but me we want to make an overnight and Izmit your machine.
We click OK and know if you remember in the preview section about a depressed we have only this option
available and only one or two option available.
Now we have more options available to the Zahed.
So the first one automation levade mean is one of us to Gerolstein do VM restart priority this option
was not available.
We were there is only when we enable done Bespin has this option become available.
So you see the option that we have used cluster sitting.
And we have a high medium and low.
So the Aristarchi priority for me.
We can charge is for example Hydes.
That's me.
If something ranke happened to the hot tub dispute you automatically start rebooting this virtual machine.
First we give it to a high restart boogity this virtual machine.
Then of course we have some other information that's hard in the region about the other options star
next opportunity even when he is on top of it.
And that's I mean to stick to one that's hardest thing is that he will be started after the board or
or after getting to gives terabit etc. then the time between them are disconfirmation we see the do
preview videos so we can't chill's any virtual machine and give it to parity to be restarted first.
So next we see another of our mission about to do heyes soon in.